[DOCS-10618] Mobile App Testing: new device locations and supported devices (#28768)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/mobile_app_testing/_index.md

<br/>
  {{< img src="mobile_app_testing/mobile_app_snippets_2.png" alt="Screenshot of the left hand side of a mobile app test creation, showing the snippets examples" width="70%" >}}

## Devices

> In the device selection screen, you can select mobile devices in either the EU, or US locations. If a device is available in both locations, it will automatically operate in each region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the device selection screen, you can select mobile devices in either the EU or US locations. If a device is available in both locations, it automatically operates in each region.
```

## Devices

On the device selection screen, you can choose to test mobile devices that are located in either Europe (EU) or the United States (US). 
To configure a mobile test to use either EU or US hosted devices:

1. Open the edit test page for an existing mobile test or create a new one.
2. Expand the Devices section and choose the device location(s) for your test:
   - **All locations**: Runs tests in both the EU and US.
   - **EU**: Runs tests only in the EU.
   - **US**: Runs tests only in the US.
3. Use the Select Device(s) dropdown to select the devices you want to test on.
4. Click **Save & Edit Recording** to save your test configuration.

**Notes**: 
- Tests executed on US-hosted devices are run from AWS US West (Oregon). Similarly, tests on EU-hosted devices are run from AWS Germany (Frankfurt).

> - Device locations cannot be combined. You must select either EU-hosted devices, US-hosted devices, or both, but they cannot be mixed within the same test configuration.

Reviewer: Can you clarify? This says you can't combine, what do you mean by "or both" here?
`You must select either EU-hosted devices, US-hosted devices, **or both**, but they cannot be mixed within the same test configuration.`

Reviewer: Is this what you mean?

```suggestion
- Device locations cannot be mixed within a single test configuration. Create separate configurations for EU-hosted and US-hosted devices if both are needed.
```

Author: Let me ask the PM about the wording here , this is confusing.

> - Not all devices are available in both the EU and US. Refer to the list of [supported devices][16] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Not all devices are available in both the EU and US. For more details, see the list of [supported devices][16].
